I am free now.  I have it all back agian.  I can write whatever I want.  No one will find this repo.  No one will care.  Do you know why?  Because it's there.
No one will read this.  Because why would they look for this?  There isn't any code.  And none of my pushes will be recorded because it's not code.
Github doesn't care about .txt's.  It's the greatest gift I could have gotten.  I now have a living repository of all of my writing.  I can write whatever I want now.
And no one will find this.  Because why would they look for it?  I won't show up on any open source report cards.  I won't show up anywhere.  I have my wall back.
I have my design theme.  I can write whatever I want.  Now I am completely free to make a decision.  I can be me agian.  I can be me without the addiction.
I can be me without the pain.  I can be sherlock.  I can be happy.  I can be free.  I can be three am again.  I can be the weekend.  I can be the warrior of the nets.
Because no one cares about this platform.  No one knows this way.  And excepting the developer community.  But no one will happen across this and think anything.
Just the ramblings of some crazy lune.  Now I can be honest.  For a change.  I know, I sound crazy.  But that's because I am crazy.  And it feels so good to just be able to admit that.
You should admit it too!  It feels wonderful.  To just be fucking honest about it.  Yes, I talk to my self.  Yes I am an addict.  Yes, I have emotional issues because I can never trust a woman again.
Yes, I was raped twice.  Yes, I was beaten daily by my piers as a child.  Yes, I was the victim of psychological damage, inflicted by my advisor.  Yes, I considering killing myself because of it.
I can say whatever I want on here.  And here is the best part.  I'm lying.  I just said it, so is it true?  Am I really lying right now?  Is this just some story that I'm writing because I'm bored.
Have I just thought of the cleverist and worst way to write a book?  Do I watch John Oliver too much?  The answer is yes.  But what was the question.  Well, I don't really know.

But none of this probably happened to me.  At least not really.  I'm probably just some dumb suburban kid, age 15, and I'm probably a girl.  I probably watched this stupid show one time and had a creative idea.
I could be anyone.  And that's the best part.  It's okay.  Because I am nuts.  I am really nuts.  Or maybe I'm just bored.  Who knows right?  I guess you never will.  At least you probably never will.
But maybe, if you are really nice and you sit there and you shut the fuck up, I will open up.  And I will tell you all the horrible stories.  All the worst stories.  All the things I can't even say to myself.
Because the truth is.  For me, this maybe fantasy, but some of it really happened.  Some of it really did.  And if you are still reading this, you must be the most bored, desperate fucking pathetic person ever.
Welcome friend, welcome to the club.  You, I can understand.  Because you put up with this shitty writing and meandering style.  You aren't just bored.  You are pathetically bored.  There are a million things to do out there.
Out there in the real world.  There are people to meet, there are places to go.  There are people to fall inlove with.  There are events happening every day.  There are problems to solve.  There are people to fight with.
There is wonderful amazing competition to engage in.  I am extrememly competitive.  So much so, that I am willing to burn any bridge to keep the competition alive.  I feel really good about that.  I feel really really good about it.

The only thing I love more than competition is winning.  
